libsel4: make thread-local ipc buffer optional (#1593)
seL4/seL4: libsel4/CMakeLists.txt

    UNQUOTE
)

config_option(
    LibSel4UseThreadLocals LIB_SEL4_USE_THREAD_LOCALS
    "mark the __sel4_ipc_buffer variable as thread local using '__thread'. \

>      This requires thread local support to exist and is useful if multiple \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This requires thread local storage support and is useful if multiple \
```

Author: Done.
